welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
the hidden face
adrian quim gutierrez a young orchestra
conductor is viewing a recorded video of
his girlfriend belen
clara lago informing him of leaving him
adrian becomes distraught
while drinking away his sorrows at a bar
he meets fabiana
martina garcia and they develop a
relationship
fabiana moves into the house that adrian
was sharing with belen
strange things begin to occur in the
bathroom with fabiana observing strange
noises coming from the sink and bathtub
and being scalded by an abruptly hot
shower
adrian becomes a suspect in the
disappearance of belen
however the investigators can find no
evidence of adrian's involvement in
belen's disappearance
one of the police investigators
apparently a former boyfriend of fabiana
warns adrian that if anything happens to
fabiana he will kill adrian
it is revealed that the house is owned
by a german lady
emma who shows belle in a secret room
built to hide her husband just in case
someone came to look for him because he
was a former nazi ss officer
the room is self-contained and sealed
off from sound
on emma's suggestion belen jealous of
adrian's flirtatious relationship with
one of his violinists
veronica decided to pretend she is
leaving him
she records the video saying she is
leaving as she hides in the secret room
the room has some one-way mirrors where
she can observe adrian's reaction
when she decides he has had enough she
looks for the key and realizes she lost
the key and is now trapped in the room
with no way to contact adrian
fabiana finds the key to the secret room
but she doesn't know what it is used for
fabiana eventually figures out that
bellen is trapped in the house because
belen is able to communicate through
tapping on the pipes in the secret room
creating ripples in the full bathroom
sink
as fabiana is ready to open the door she
pauses and decides not to rescue bellen
because she might lose adrian
fabiana struggles with her decision but
decides to open the door
and check on belen because she can't get
a response from her
also one of the investigators gave
fabiana pictures of
adrian and veronica and she herself
feels the pangs of jealously
as fabiana is checking on belle and
laying in a bed in the secret room
bella surprises fabiana and knocks her
out and leaves fabiana locked in the
room
belen decides to leave the house she
leaves the key to the secret room on a
bed for adrian to find and leaves a
picture of the two of them
taped to the mirror that acts as the
door to the secret room
the final scene shows balance sitting on
the beach alone and
fabiana trapped inside hoping to be
rescued
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
[Music]